Build a Django application. The purpose of this application is to let someone use the OpenAI API or a Custom Endpoint. Let them paste in their credentials. Cachce this user side and make that clear to the user. I want the project to have three levels inside each user's account. I want there to be a project. I want a project to have a document. I want a document to be a collection of images. Each image should have the ability to draw and edit bounding boxes or polygons. I want the user to be able to send either the full image or the regions off for transcription to the endpoint. I want the image to be displayed on the left and the output displayed on the right in a way where a user can clearly see how the text maps to the data on the page. I want you to let the user set a default for a document. By default the reading order should be top-to-bottom and left-to-right. Let the user change the reading order.


Requirements:
1. The creation of an account should be presented as form to request the admin account who can approve or disapprove their request.
2. Each user only has access to their own project and images. They can grant or revoke access to another user should they wish access.
3. Maintain a version history for each image's transcription and edits so they can be reverted.
4. By default the database should be a local database that makes sense. In the future, I'd like to be able to also support. I would also like an option at launch to just have a simple version of the app that cachces the project and images for a user in the browser. This way I can just put it on GitHub and let someone connect their own endpoints without ever handling the database.
5. Export the data as JSON and PageXML and images as a Zip. Export should be available at the image level, document level, and project level.